Update React Aria docs to introduce components by default (#5436)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/dev/docs/pages/react-aria/hooks.mdx

under the [@react-aria](https://www.npmjs.com/org/react-aria) scope on npm. For example:

```
yarn add @react-aria/button
```

Once installed, hooks can be used from the monopackage or individual packages the same way.

```tsx
// Monopackage
import {useButton} from 'react-aria';
```

```tsx keepIndividualImports
// Individual packages
import {useButton} from '@react-aria/button';
```

## Building a component

React Aria provides behavior and accessibility through React Hooks. Since it does not provide any rendering,
you are responsible for defining the DOM structure for your component and passing the DOM props returned by each
React Aria hook to the appropriate elements. This is powerful because it allows you to be in complete control over
the DOM structure that you render. For example, you may need to add extra elements for styling or layout control.
You also get complete control over how you style your components: you could use CSS classes, inline styles, CSS-in-JS, etc.

Start by importing the hook you wish to use, and calling it in your component. You'll typically pass through the props

> from your component, along with a [ref](https://reactjs.org/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html) to the DOM node in some cases.
> The hook will return one or more sets of DOM props which you should pass through to the appropriate element. This can be
> done by [spreading the props](https://reactjs.org/docs/jsx-in-depth.html#spread-attributes) returned from the hook onto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from your component, along with a [ref](https://react.dev/learn/referencing-values-with-refs#refs-and-the-dom) to the DOM node in some cases.
The hook will return one or more sets of DOM props which you should pass through to the appropriate element. This can be
done by [spreading the props](https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component#forwarding-props-with-the-jsx-spread-syntax) returned from the hook onto
```

You can also use the state in your rendering code to determine what visual state to display.

This example shows a number field component built with the [useNumberField](useNumberField.html) hook, along
with the [useNumberFieldState](../react-stately/useNumberFieldState.html) hook from react-stately.

```tsx example
import {useNumberFieldState} from 'react-stately';
import {useLocale, useNumberField} from 'react-aria';

function NumberField(props) {
  let {locale} = useLocale();
  let state = useNumberFieldState({...props, locale});
  let inputRef = React.useRef(null);
  let {
    labelProps,
    groupProps,
    inputProps,
    incrementButtonProps,
    decrementButtonProps
  } = useNumberField(props, state, inputRef);

  return (
    <div>
      <label {...labelProps}>{props.label}</label>
      <div {...groupProps} style={{display: 'flex', gap: 4}}>
        <Button {...decrementButtonProps}>-</Button>
        <input {...inputProps} ref={inputRef} />
        <Button {...incrementButtonProps}>+</Button>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}

<NumberField
  label="Price"
  defaultValue={6}
  formatOptions={{
    style: 'currency',
    currency: 'USD'
  }}
/>

> ```

Author: Hopefully these examples are at least a little more compelling than the previous ones (unstyled button and checkbox), which looked like just plain native HTML elements 😉.
